document constraints / update docs / overview - batch 1 (#354)
BookingSync/bookingsync-api-docs: content/reference/endpoints/inbox_messages.md

1. TOC
{:toc}

## Overview

> This resource represents Inbox Messages happening under the [Inbox Conversations](reference/endpoints/inbox_conversations/).

Reviewer: I think send goes better with message than happen
```suggestion
This resource represents Inbox Messages sent in the [Inbox Conversations](reference/endpoints/inbox_conversations/).
```
